Help() {
  case "$@" in
    login  ) echo 'Logs in to an account on a homeserver. Does not accept an MXID.';;
    logout ) echo 'Logs out of the currently logged in account';;
    whoami ) echo 'Prints the MXID of the currently logged in account';;
    help   ) echo '😭😭😭';;
    exit   ) echo 'Exits axon.sh.';;
    server ) echo 'Usage: server <subcommand>'
             echo '  Subcommands:'
             echo '    version    Prints version information returned by the locally configured homeserver.'
             echo '    address    Prints the address of the locally configured homeserver.'
             echo '    notice     Sends a server notice to a user. Requires proper homeserver configuration.'
           ;;
    room   ) echo 'Usage: room <subcommand>'
             echo '  Subcommands:'
             echo '    purge     Purges events from a room up to the given date or timestamp. Optionally includes local events.'
             echo '    delete    Forces all local users to leave a room. Optionally deletes all events and blocks future joins.'
           ;;
    user   ) echo 'Usage: user <subcommand>'
             echo '  Subcommands:'
             echo '    create        Creates a new user.'
             echo '    password      Resets a user'\''s password. Optionally logs the user out of all devices.'
             echo '    deactivate    Deactivates a user. Optionally erases the user'\''s profile.'
             echo '    shadowban     Shadowbans a user.'
             echo '    rooms         Shows all rooms a user is currently a member of.'
           ;;
    ''     ) echo 'Usage: <command> [subcommand]'
             echo '  Commands:'
             echo '    login     Logs in to an account on a homeserver.'
             echo '    logout    Logs out of an account on a homeserver.'
             echo '    whoami    Prints the MXID of the currently logged in account.'
             echo '    server    Performs homeserver related actions. Takes a subcommand as an option.'
             echo '    room      Performs room related actions. Takes a subcommand as an option.'
             echo '    user      Performs user account related actions. Takes a subcommand as an option.'
             echo '    help      Prints usage information. Takes another command as an option.'
             echo '    exit      Exits axon.sh.'
           ;;
    *      ) Log error "Unknown subcommand '$@'. Type 'help' with no options for a list of commands."
           ;;
  esac
}
